everyone welcome to the 2018 na LCS
summer finals winners press conference
with Team Liquid congratulations guys
we're gonna start with the first
question over to ESPN hey guys Tyler
here with ESPN this is for olay this has
probably been the most difficult year
for you professionally what do you want
to say to your doubters after winning
back-to-back championships
oké born John Kasich in return is a
career it's a hundred on your Union day
is it okay is this hockey though a
misogynist it's a time to run tomorrow
see I think there were so many haters
and there were so many bad comments on
me in reddit or any other any other
website but yeah I think I just as I
post on my tweet I took a tours to war
seriously and like I changed myself a
lot I tried to be myself like I just
listened to music good songs even rap I
tried to singing dancing or whatever and
yeah I got myself and yeah whenever I
play repeater like in spring like I was
only follower like I didn't make any
aggressive core but now like I'm when I
see some chance to like I just say hey
Peter just come and if we just make play
so yeah I think that's the way hello
Zanna Torres HTC's forces questions for
doublelift you've won a title before
you're going to a world championship
again but this week you got your first
MVP did you expect to win that and what
did it mean to you to get that award
whoa that's loud um I think out of all
years it's like weird to get it this
time
I don't really feel like I was really
that special during the regular split
Pharisees in this time but people were
always talking about it like that it was
either gonna be like me or somebody or
licorice or something I think the fact
that there was two top laners in the
running for it like really hurt that
like their chances I guess and yeah I
mean I know that overall you're never
gonna remember that maybe like I don't
think anyone can also pop their head say
you know
who's like the season seven spring MVP
mr. pop Yorkton but like you don't
really know and I think overall it's
just something that like for me
personally I'm really proud of because I
can always say for the rest of my life
that I was a VP at this time but it's
not you know it's not the biggest award
that you can get people aren't really
gonna remember it too much thank you hey
this is Travis cafard I hear this is
being broadcast so shout out to twitch
chat and check out twitch.tv slash
Travis cafard double if I want to ask
you about this you've been you've got
the world so many years now and North
America seems to disappoint every year
what is team like we're going to do
differently to make sure this year is
different you know I don't have a good
answer that I feel like I feel like
every year we have like a different plan
of attack as the American team but our
plan always gets lost after week one cuz
like na teams we usually do well week
one and people are people are you know
their hopes get really high up because
every team just goes 2 and 1 or even 3
and 0 and then the week two we always
just run it down so I think this time
our coaching staff is like the best
coaching staff I've ever had in my life
I think they're gonna keep us together
and just keep us focused and like yeah I
think anaise problem is always at worlds
not that our skill is not high enough to
like we don't change our strats from
week once a week to we're too scared
yeah yeah there's no more week two
anymore so hi Thomas Baker with the game
house and I was hoping to ask xmithie
specifically what were the comms like in
today's matches during the draft
particularly that game one draft with
the hecarim I don't think anyone was
surprised at all when they actually
picked hecarim because before before
quarterfinals we've made scream against
them because they were like the only
scrim partners who played against and
yeah we were against 100 thieves back
then so yeah we played against it and we
knew how to counter it and we weren't
really scared I don't thank you
this is Jordan from UK gaming mr. Popple
tyrannic smithy so you guys had to worry
about going up against a lot of
different possible combinations from c9
today so how'd you guys prep for that
and how'd you guys I mean obviously you
solved the problem because three oh so I
guess we actually never really talked
about it to each other like the
differences between the two but I think
we knew innately just from having so
much practice against him the
differences between the two how we
should play against em for example
spendin golden they just literally camp
it as hard as they can try and cover it
is what we learned over time but yeah I
think we were just able to handle it
really well being able to watch how they
played in the TSM set was also really
helpful this is a zento from esports
heaven and i have a question for Coach
Cain and Olay in regards to the first
and second game it looks like your
vision was super on point it's probably
some of the best vision that I've ever
seen so what kind of changed between
your past performances and then your
performance now in regards to vision was
this like all part of the plan to keep
vision bots side I think I can answer it
I think in spring like I'll actually
even last year I play like solo queue
like because I played tons of solo queue
so I just play like just I don't know
like I just follow my instant as part
with like whenever I just go somewhere
but like King gave me lots of feedback
about vision like we need some plan for
vision and we need we need some
direction for vision so like when we
play around both side I just try to get
the pitch on both side and then we
change plan play or we start our
objective is topside were hurt I just
started putting topside vision I think
because of Kane I start to have more
direction and try to help our team like
I always asked some time like usually in
June a pigeon so and then you just try
to get pigeon for Eugene like we can't
just play around the vision so I think
Kane helping me a lot about pigeon fie
on here ya know if ESP ad this one's for
Steve over there
it's been a long very long long long
road but you finally have made the real
championships
he's put into words what this team this
iteration of Team Liquid means to you
mm-hmm so you know putting this team
together during the offseason was a
pretty radical change from the previous
season we had the worst performance last
year in terms of team liquids history
and also curses history in the league of
legends and I wanted to make a
substantial investment after franchising
happened and we had some confidence to
know that these investments would
actually like bear return I guess for
years to come
decided to put together the best
possible team no matter what end of
story
so we had to make sure we had enough
money to do that and then I just
remember calling all the players and
saying that I wanted to go to Worlds and
I wanted to win a World Championship and
you know to go to those to go to these
guys and say hey we've been in 10th
place or you you willing to play for an
organization that's never achieved
anything beyond third I think is a tough
sell but I think they all believed in
what we could achieve together and that
it was a really damn good roster so yeah
it feels it feels pretty incredible to
achieve something at least for I know
these guys have been to Worlds before
but but for me it's been something that
slipped through my fingers for over six
years and we finally did it
all right Laurens here from the daily
Cal back here my question here is a
cheaper pole vaulter and I just want to
ask how it felt in Game two to solo-kill
golden glue so early in the game after
losing to him in week 8 of the regular
season I was pretty like cool guy about
it I just landed my E and then I was
like all right he's dead I was like he's
dead boys and then I time to summoners
but um yeah I felt pretty great because
once you get rolling as irelia the game
is pretty much over and then when you
start getting rolling at level 2 then
it's it's really over hey this is hello
hey this is parks with the shot-caller
another question for doublelift
yesterday during the in the MVP speech
you talked about how you would never
really felt like you're on a team before
this year with this roster and I was a
little bit curious about that
bjergsen looked over when you said it's
kind of funny but I'm wondering I know
that you and all they kind of talked
about you guys having some problems and
I know that this split with the change
in the meta and there was some struggle
there with the team and the synergy do
you feel like through some of this
adversity is where you guys really were
able to find yourselves and and truly
trust each other talk a little bit about
that yeah I think the thing that's like
goes invisible and people don't notice
is just how much we fought with each
other and like how much we have had just
like awful days where everyone's
frustrated and it feels like the team's
just going nowhere feels like everyone
has something on their mind that they
don't want to say because it's too
offensive and you know like we every
team has those days but like I think we
have a lot of those days where like it's
just it's really hard like it's hard to
practice that hard and that much and
like have that much have that many
strong opinions on the team like
veterans you know like we we have
different habits that we all have and
like playing with each other I don't
know on this team it feels really good
because everyone on the team can always
trust Caine he's super smart actually
there's so many times when I told Kane I
wanted to play something
and then he just locked me a different
champion and we won and so like I
learned over time to de-stress came and
yeah like there's so many aspects of the
team that is really good I've never
liked when I when we fight bottom before
I can even call for TP both Eugene and
impact will just TP so I never have to
call for TP they just always do it
instantly I don't know like everyone's
just looking out for each other you know
like we call Rome's instantly most of
the time and if we don't it's a really
big deal I think like we all just look
out for each other a lot on this team on
other teams like yeah you look out for
each other but like not as much I think
everyone's more looking out for
themselves on other teams that I've been
hi hi Kelsey who hit the game house this
question is also for Peter so there was
a reddit thread a couple days ago
talking about a statement so as made
about how he wants to play as long as
you're gonna be playing have you ever
thought about the actual finite time
that you're gonna be a pro player and
how long that's gonna last yeah actually
it's really insane because we have a lot
of veterans on the team but that have
been here since the beginning I'm like
25 and in like csgo and end fighting
games that's an average age for pro like
in their peak so I feel like I have a
long way to go honestly if I'm be can
extort sucking which I don't think is
ever gonna happen but if my mechanics
suck I could just switch roles I guess
so I mean I don't know I I don't really
think too much about like oh no I don't
have that much time left I always feel
like man I have so much to improve and
I've never stopped improving so until
like that happens where I feel like
there's just a wall in front of me then
yeah I don't think I'm gonna stop either
so I think me and so I was probably
playing until you're 90 years old thanks
hi Julia from The Daily Californian this
one's to Olli
you've talked before about how even when
you have a hard time you get support
from your fans from Brazil and the LMS
how does it feel to still have those
original fans even after you've come so
far
I think like actually like even he's
praying like I was kind of sad because
like people just didn't trust me just
trust some of you just blame me before
but now like I don't care like okay you
know like I said I'm right and then like
actually my former teammates are they or
just retire you know so who's right I'm
here I I won so they're wrong
there's questions for x-men people Bell
turned doublelift with your victory
today 100 thieves moves forward and
including your former teammate after mu
this is despite the loss yesterday
what's your general thought on 100
thieves moving forward to Worlds well
seeing that they lost to TSM they I
think they have like half deserved that
they're going to rose because they did
really well in spring split and even
here they all are almost like second
place so they were they were still
pretty playing pretty decently but when
in playoffs happen they were they
dropped the ball pretty much and I think
they can still improve and I think
they're they can be world class or
representing an a but they still need
time to work out I'm excited to see TSM
and c9 play the gauntlet same
same yeah me too
Fiona again with ESPN this one is for
impact your ha yes finally your friend
faker will be playing in the regionals
of SKT in a few days
do you have any words of advice to faker
in SKT before they run the Korean
gauntlet is a Pico wrong it is key TT
Monty history buddy indeed yes
I mean I'm not close faker now but I
just hope a skate can be but it looks a
little both our fourth King John
gripping Gangi right tangey yeah looked
bored I hope you asking me because hmm
it's my friend if there is Pengy Amanda
is it's my friend
so ankama to soil therein but luckily
alert good luck
this year's series for Katy it's not
asking
Nik Geraci in been global this is for
double lift now that we know the four
teams in the NA regional qualifier who
do you think is the favorite for the
third seed
let's go clutch I think I think c9 is
probably the best and that's just
because they be TSI I'm all ready to get
to the finals and you know just like
thinking about it you know hundred
thieves got beat by TSM who got beat by
c9 and I don't even know when clutch got
beaten but it was a while ago so yeah I
think I think c9 is actually pretty
strong but I think the other thing about
it is Momentum's really important and
TSM just came off a close win so they're
feeling hot and c9 is coming off of a
pretty crushing loss so maybe like
mentally TSM is gonna be in better shape
yeah who knows I don't really care who
wins I just want to see him struggle hey
Tim here from Oracle's elixir it's a
question for impact your your play style
in-game and then also I think kind of
your the way you're presented outside a
game in terms of branding and and media
attention things like that it's very
kind of low-key you know in game you
absorb a lot of pressure and you're not
really demanding resources to carry
yourself and then you know as Tyler kind
of joked about you know it took a while
for somebody to ask a question if you
read tend to be talking about your
teammates a little more do you ever you
know wish in game especially you could
come into a little more into the
spotlight or is that a role you really
enjoy playing AJ impacted on sugah is a
game on its own okay Sona chickened over
to my Academy saying man your hands
tightly look we didn't they come in a
variety of punk rock shimmy Susan G and
Mikey - Laura Dungey I don't mind me I'm
just sprite to me I just want my team in
so it's not sacrifice I just choice you
know just smart thing because if I came
on B - you big advantage e and we can do
something in anything yeah and I don't
need jungle Rizzo
but 20 commonly appear because get
freaky but I mean we all care when I
called a check or cubic you me and but I
think I should I like to sacrifice
because I like just try myself I think I
just whatever if I'm touchy gang I can
get our we can get or the beta C or
something
so make sure you sacrified mine so I
just focus my team in Jordan from UK
gaming listens for doublelift in
anywhere so much I'm in so you guys
smashed it the last few weeks in na boy
going on the world going into worlds
it's gonna be a different ball game is
there anything you're looking to improve
on specifically or is it just a matter
of keep doing what you're doing
mmm well if if anyone watched our
screams they would think that we were
terrible we really played awful in
practice a lot of time so there's a lot
to practice and improve on but we've all
been to Worlds actually so we know what
it's like to be like the best team in na
or one of the best teams in na and then
go into Worlds and then get really
humbled because even like I guess a good
example would be a MSI like we screamed
gambits and you know it's not a bad
region but like it's a lesser region
it's the CIS region representatives and
like gambit was really good actually I
think we're like 5050 or maybe even
losing scams against them
so yeah when we go to Worlds you know
it's it's really important that every
every team we play against we've learned
something and we can't just stay the
same that we are right now because right
now I think we're pretty good but like
the best teams in the world are probably
like twice as good as us so we have a
lot to learn this is miles from ESPN
this question is for Coach cane sort of
a follow up for the one that was just
asked I'm wondering from your
perspective what specific issues or
mistakes that your team makes
consistently that you might be able to
get away with in North America
that you won't be able to get away with
say when you're facing Katie or fnatic
or freaka or RNG what are certain issues
that you feel you need to resolve for
Team Liquid to make a deep run come the
World Championship
you got me as oh honey Asuna is a
premiere so it's always imagined in
chrome OTD you did nothing about Zeki
talking team did a heart a crow is a
total Swindon crunchy so the rear or
tandem the recruits were held at the
cotton GE born cousin Johnny so to
change or ranged issues well I need a
double single how cool article on the
card I was a girl cousin and didn't they
show you guys a young son hunting gay
jteem cause I'm young eat on the plane
Hannah's hair go random flavor the
honking coplanar start ago cause I'm
young against condition she could handle
Casey Owens Rahab wind and they it done
chrome gates just want to do a okay
please sorry boo met him she squats
hollow go there's no Huntington jalapa
criticized Sheeran
so on a misty is at the King Jame from
you in her on Sunday day today Rizzo
uneven and kumuda to put on my buddy the
killing or today as unity at all though
King comes and then talking over each
other cause I know comida yeah so first
of all I think during the finals of NLCS
just we just just now I don't think we
played perfectly
I think there was a lot of individual
mistakes and things to improve on so the
biggest thing we want to be improving on
and focusing on is making sure all five
guys are on the same page and playing
for one objective and checking
conditions and if we focus on that I
think we'll be in a good shape going
into Worlds and also when we were
playing at MSI I think all five players
are really good players but I think they
felt a lot of pressure are going to the
tournament so I think this time going to
Worlds if we have more confidence and if
we're more comfortable I think we can
have a better result
Scott from the peel I have this question
for doublelift
in the past we've talked about how
you're a little nervous or you kind of
had jitters laning against the best
bottom leaders in the world like easy
prey after your msi performance
obviously you guys been orangey have you
shook that nervousness off you know I
just I get nervous when I play against
God to your players you know like Ozzy
or if you're facing like King zone when
they're super hot or sq2 and they're
super hot just cuz it I'm not nervous on
stage it just sucks to have to play
against them so early and yeah there's
some stuff that like I can't get away
with I know like I know I play really a
greedy style and some stuff like I can't
I can't be greedy I can't be stupid
against newsy basically cuz they'll
punish me
so I guess the pressure is just knowing
that if I make a mistake
he'll capitalize on it but like how do I
know if I'm making a mistake it's really
hard cuz no one else is gonna punish me
for that same thing but you know I think
I got over it after a while I used to be
really really nervous playing against
top ad carry's but now I feel like I
just need to play my game and I'm I'm
more on the lookout for their mistakes
instead of trying to be defensive and
trying to like limit what I'm doing yeah
hi my name is Aaron McCune Asst with
eSports I have a question for both LAN
doublelift at the end of the spring
split after the finals you guys were
hands-down the best team in North
America and we're back right at the
exact same point but MSI didn't go as
anyone expected really so how are you
gonna make sure that you guys don't lose
momentum this time and that history
doesn't really repeat itself
I think MSI I didn't have confidence I'm
just on this just this time I I I'm just
being myself like I'm gonna just do my
best and I'm gonna just make a better
synergy with Peter I think we like even
though I was like stalker
we just bid arrange about to the video
reading so hard so like this time I will
make sure I can play more champion than
enemy and then I can play better and
play around objective and follow coach
well I will make sure Peter can get
ahead in name and yeah I think this is
all about me like Peter did well just I
I was struggling okay that's not true I
ran it down in the second Archie game
when I was playing Jim against khakha
overall honestly like bawling so tricky
cuz one person can make mistakes and
it'll just like snowball the lane like
people say Ming is the best point the
world but then when they played against
us only hit like five more vines on them
and then we just kept killing him so we
got really head both side so yeah like
it's about just like punishing people's
mistakes and sometimes like botlane
because there's poor people there's just
higher chance that someone and those
poor people is gonna make a mistake and
I think that's why that's like the
bottom meta is just is it's been around
for like years
cuz when you play around both side you
pressure them and then there's just a
higher chance that someone is gonna mess
up so I don't know our team though like
I feel I feel pretty confident that
we're gonna come into this world it's
like a lot better than we were at MSI I
feel like when I look back at our MSI
games we were so bad like we were
actually really bad we were losing the
Evo's and stuff so yeah we're gonna be a
lot better this time
alright Lawrence from the daily
Callaghan I some questions are
doublelift
I wanted to go back to two plays that
you were involved in today first dodging
blabbers hecarim on the bot lane in Game
one and then getting insect by Sven
scarin in Game two and so I just want to
ask about how he sort of what was going
through your mind during those plays and
like how you maintained the composure to
make the best out of a bad situation
the hecarim one was pretty easy i just
need to save ulti for when he olds and
then the least in one actually i think i
was trolling I'd curse that so I was
like if he goes for me I'm just gonna
kiss us and then like flasher use my R I
didn't have either of those up so I just
died that was uh that was a pretty big
mistake actually I think I think after
either of those plays though I wasn't I
wasn't really nervous at all I was just
like okay they use this
time didn't chat yeah overall I'm pretty
proud of the way that we played very
robotic hi Kelsey again this questions
for Eugene so we saw um we saw a golden
glue have a pretty good season maybe -
is play today but we're seeing that
there's better performances from any
mids do you think that the gap is
closing between ni meds and imports yeah
like I said before I think Demonte is
doing really well actually for his first
rookie season and he's probably only
gonna get better I think in Challenger
Series there's a decent amount of good
mids there too so I think it just all
comes down to teams utilizing the
academy system more and then just giving
them a chance thank you and that was our
last question thank you guys so much for
coming and thank you everyone who
watched online the team is gonna stick
around and do some quick photos and then
they're gonna go out and celebrate and
get some much-needed rest